昨天(2018/01/11)下午發生一件事，
現在回想起來真是
驚心動魄
Yesterday (2018/01/11) one thing happened in the afternoon,
Looking back now is really
Thrilling !

昨天是非常冷的天氣。在這時候
我就光顧了內政部警政署刑事警察局
的門口，看到旁邊有一群鴨子，牠們不曉得是否太冷而不游泳，就在岸上走走。這些鴨鴨是松山地區最愛抽煙的菘煙鴨鴨 XD
Yesterday was very cold weather. At this time
I visited the Criminal Police Department of the Police Department of the Ministry of the Interior
The door, saw a group of ducks next to them, they do not know whether it is too cold and not swimming, walked ashore. These ducks are the favorite duck in Songshan Cultural Creative Park. I give them a name ... Smoking duck.

拍一下照，我忽然喚起了我小時候人性觀懷愛動物的愛心，突然就覺得鴨鴨會有自己國家的語言，於是我想要試著跟他們聊天作好朋友，就開始模仿各種鴨叫聲，但我叫啥都什麼反應。
While I took a photo of these ducks, I suddenly aroused the love of human nature that like the love of animals when I was a child, I suddenly felt that the duck will have their own country's language, so I want to try to chat with them make friends and start to imitate all kinds of Ducks voices , but they did not respond.

於是我腦中電燈泡一亮，不如用手機播播youtube上的不同鴨叫聲吧，再觀察鴨鴨的反應。
So my brain light bulb lit, I thought it is better to broadcast different duck sounds on mobile phones, and then observe the response of ducks.

牠們面對不同的鴨叫聲時，肢體反應會有一些不同，有些聲音牠們聽了會緊張，有些聽了之後，有點像在找什麼東西似的，特別播出是黃色小鴨聲音時。
When they face different duck sounds, their body reactions will be somewhat different. Some of them will be nervous after listening to them. Some duck may be looking for something after listening to them. In particular, when they hear the sound of the yellow duckling.

於是，我撥到某段鴨聲時，那些害怕人類靠太近的鴨鴨，居然主動走過來，靠近我跟我作朋友了, 看牠們嘴巴開開合合不曉得牠們在說什麼 。我作到了 !
As a result, when I played some special duck sound, those ducks who were afraid of being close to each other live close to me as a friend with me. And look at their mouths open and close do not know what they are talking about. I knew I made it !!

由此可見，鴨子，或許真有自己的語言能力吧，他們也許能辨識不同的鴨叫聲而產生不同的反應，甚至還主動靠近我過來。
This shows that ducks may really have their own language skills, they may be able to recognize different duck sounds and produce different reactions, and even came close to me.

語音研究的方式，如果能夠再進步一點，或許有天，我們可以好好 training data, 分析鴨子的語音資訊, 同時也抓出影像對牠們的行為作分析。也許，真的能變成google translate 之外的新翻譯機。或許有那麼一天，人類真的能開始跟鴨子說話聊天。那麼，記者未來只要多採訪鴨鴨，或許人類未來就不敢吃鴨肉了 XD 
這樣子的成果，佛教也許能減少教育信眾的時間，全面吃素。
或許，佛教可以考慮要花點錢贊助這樣的研究啊 
If we can make further progress in speech research, perhaps there is a day, we can train data and analyze the ducks' voice information. At the same time, we also analyze the behavior of the ducks. Maybe, can really become a new translator outside google translate. Perhaps one day, humans really can start talking to the ducks chatting. Well, reporters in the future as long as more interviews with ducks and ducks, perhaps the future of humanity would not eat duck XD
As a result of this, Buddhism may be able to reduce the time for educating the believers and become fully vegetarian.
Perhaps Buddhism may consider spending some money to sponsor such research

一但計劃成果達成之後，
動物人權團體會興起，動物保險會興起
，動物會轉為法律中的自然人，動物醫院跟動物教育業會興起。台灣會成為全球動物相關 ecosystem 的領導者。
Once the plan is reached,
Animal rights groups will rise and animal insurance will rise
Animals will be turned into natural persons in law, animal hospitals and the animal education industry will rise. Taiwan will become the global leader in animal-related ecosystems. 

而鴨鴨可以受教育，依法成為行為能力人，並且進入老人照護產業陪陪寂寞老人聊聊天說說話作功德，薪資連22k 都不到，能夠在老年化社會幫上一點忙。有望讓台灣產業變的更健全。
Ducks can be educated and become able people in accordance with the law, and to enter the elderly care industry to accompany the lonely elderly people to chat and talk as a merit, with less than 22k of salary to be able to help a little bit in the aging society. It is expected that the industries in Taiwan will become more robust. 

台灣能夠為成為全球第一個實踐動物人權的地方，成為全球保育動物人士心中公認的 Formosa ! 
這真的有 機會成為超殺手級的 AI 應用 ! 
(台灣鴨鴨 number one)
Taiwan can be the first place in the world to practice the human rights of animals.
Taiwan will become the recognized global conservation animal Formosa heart!
This really has the chance to become a super killer AI application!
Taiwan duck number one !!

2035 年之後，動物的溝通與教育完善，
不僅成為自然人 ，也能成為行為能力人，也能夠加入勞動市場。
動物物聯網的時代會來臨 ! 全面顛覆你的想象 ~ ! 
小鳥可以巔覆運輸業，大疆創新員工會大失業。
老鷹可以去發射飛彈，
牛牛可以去整理草皮，
還有很多很多你意想不到的事會發生喔 !!
After 2035, animal communication and education improved,
Not only as a natural person, but also as a person capable of acting, can also join the labor market.
Animal IoT era will come! Complete subversion of your imagination ~!
Birds can top the transport industry, Xinjiang innovation staff will be a big jobless.
Eagle can go to launch missiles,
Cattle can go to clean the turf,
And There are many, many, unexpected things will happen!

 
The First Original Source is in this facebook account
https://www.facebook.com/milochen0418/posts/10208624655613593
